---
typeOfNote: daily notes
date: 2022-10-21
tags: brainDump, achievements, tasks, random, events

---
# Friday, October 21st 2022

### Tasks `ris:CheckDouble`
 - [ ] Task here

```dataviewjs
dv.taskList(dv.pages().file.tasks 
  .where(t => !t.completed)
  .where(t => t.text.includes("2022-10-21")))
```



### Random `fas:PencilAlt`
Script Eval
Service now  believe in the power of technology to reduce the complexity in jobs. Service now delivers digital workflow that create great experience and unlock productivity. They believed that every great experience is a great workflow

One of their product is Software asset management which aims to control risk reduce software spend and reach outcomes quickly all from a single platform

one of the benefits is it is simplify with one platform. Streamline and manage software assets with a single-architecture SAM solution. Use automation and digital workflows to feed critical asset data to the business.

Next is Reduce cost. Optimize license usage of owned software and buy only what you need. Cut software and cloud expenses by pinpointing shadow IT, reducing overlap, and optimizing license use.

Mitigate license risk. Mitigate vendor audit risks and maintain compliance. SAM act on unlicensed deployments.

Automate IT. Save time with custom workflows throughout the lifecycle. Automate processes across departments like HR, procurement, security, GRC, and app teams.



### Brain dump `fas:Brain`
 - ideas ~ 




### Events `fas:Gift`
 - happenings ~






### Achievements `ris:Cake`
 - anything you're happy about ~ 


