---
typeOfNote: daily notes
date: 2023-02-17
tags: brainDump, achievements, tasks, random, events

---
# Friday, February 17th 2023

### Tasks `ris:CheckDouble`
 - [ ] Task here

```dataviewjs
dv.taskList(dv.pages().file.tasks 
  .where(t => !t.completed)
  .where(t => t.text.includes("2023-02-17")))
```

[](<Collins, S. (2016). Chapter 4. How do I give credit to others for their ideas? Retrieved February 17, 2023, from Pressbooks.pub website: https://pressbooks.pub/professionalwriting/chapter/how-do-you-give-credit-to-others-for-their-ideas/

‌>)
Review Posner's definition of plagiarism at the end of Section 3.3.1.4. If Hegermann had given credit, in the preface of her book, to the people whose work she borrowed, would she still be guity of plagiarism? If she had given credit, would her borrowing be morally permissible? Explain your reasoning?

The preface tells readers how and why the book was written. In the preface, the author establishes credibility by emphasizing the significance and purpose of the work. In this case, If Hegermann gave credit to people whose work she borrowed by mentioning them in the preface and stating how she got inspiration or based her work on their work, she would not be guilty of plagiarism. Her borrowing would be morally permissible if she gives credit correctly, such as citations, quotations, and references. If she gave proper credit, she is not guilty of plagiarism. Her borrowing is morally permissible even though the authors are not aware of the borrowing because all authors know that publishing their work would make it available to all. Some people would integrate it into their work or ideas or have to follow up ideas to presented ideas. To be considered morally permissible, the borrowing of Hegermann and proper citation must be done. All exact words she copied must be quoted directly to the author, while borrowed ideas must be cited after the paraphrased statement like (Collins, 2016), and a reference list must be provided at the end of the work containing all the information needed to locate the source.

yes permissible
-   You are making a contribution to the body of literature in your discipline when you write a scholarly paper. It is important that this contribution be documented clearly so that others can link your ideas to that broader literature base.
- -   You are making a contribution to the body of literature in your discipline when you write a scholarly paper. It is important that this contribution be documented clearly so that others can link your ideas to that broader literature base.






